Students:

  Slender man
    Incredibly self-assured and full of himself to a highly annoying extent, well aware of his own popularity which largely exists as a self-perpetuating phenomena. Has a considerable following of wannabes which dress and act like him constantly, both finds them idiotic and despises them but will not admit to it because he enjoys the attention he gains by having said follwoing. Puts on an air of politeness to others, often comes across as just an asshole despite his attempts. People still fawn over him regardless, female following generally hate his personality but love that big black tentacle action.

  Goatman
    Soft spoken and quiet. Doesn't really have any friends. Has a speech impediment that makes him sound like an animal attempting to emulate human speech, and a nervous tic that causes jumpy and erratic movements. Prefers to embed himself into groups that don't know each-other, since he doesn't want to be a third wheel, but when he gets noticed his tic and impediment shows through despite heavy therapy. Was enrolled in drama class to improve social skills, is a terrible actor.
      Romance option - Into the player character due to an 'unhealthy' fascination with humans. Incredibly obsessive and possessive about people he is romantically involved with, is often discovered searching through the player's belongings while they're away and attempts to play it off poorly.

  Grifter
    Hipster asshole. Never around, but for some reason there are people always trying to find him, despite him not being very popular.

  Skeleton Humerus
    Total party animal and hedonist. Everybody loves him, but he dislikes most students since they make fun of his lil' bro.

  Skeleton Jelly
    Lady's man and adonis of the school, massive but quiet female following as rumors fly about the school about how dreamy he is. Hated by some women due to jealousy, hated by nearly all of the men in the school due to massive amounts of jealousy and butthurt over having stolen their womens. Doesn't particularly care that he is hated by the men or the jealous women, just plays it up to his own benefit.
    Romance option - The cool guy, treats his partner right and stands up for them as best he can even if it's a fight that he cannot win. Always gives highly thoughtful gifts and rarely worries about himself, for he is Skeleton Jelly.

  Zalgo
    Poser wannabe that tries to act like he knows everything, claims to be afficionado of Lovecraft stories but doesn't know the difference between the Great Race of Yith and a Polyp. Has an incredibly grating personality which seems to hinge on a 'random' sense of humor, almost universally hated by all members of the school save for a small following of like-minded people.

  Jeff the Killer
    One of the poser wannabe crowd that hang out with Zalgo, constantly tries to act as dark and edgy as possible but largely just ends up making himself look like a fool. The few times he doesn't look like a total fool he just ends up looking pathetic. Thinks he knows how to fight but is in actuality about as skilled in fighting as Diemon Dave. 

  Bloody Mary
    Bubble-headed cheerleader type. Wants attention so bad, that all you have to do to get a date with her is call her name in front of a mirror a few times. People dislike her for how clingy she is, and her shrill voice.

  Grey
    Alien. Behaves somewhat like an autist and dresses in 90's rad clothes. Potentially on the run from XCOM

  La Llorana
    Really cool and well adjusted senior. Everyone avoids her due to how she acted while her depression medication was being figured out in her freshman year, but nowadays there is no reason to do so. Dislikes Bloody Mary because of the whole mirror thing.

  Banshee
    Has a catty dynamic with Bloody Mary.

  Girl from "Arizona" story
    Bookish type. Very nerdy and quiet. Has made few friends, and is seen as really clingy and desperate (But is actually a really sweet person). Spends all of her spare time in the bio lab growing mildew samples, partially because it makes her feel more at home.

  The White Lady
    Perhaps rather uptight and proper?

  Random ghost girl
    Shy, and easily embarassed. Disappears when embarassed (Her way of "Blushing"?). Kuudere.

The Rake:
  Decidedly submissive and gentle-natured, which is perhaps tied to his vaguely canine skeletal structure. Generally considered easy to get a long with, but when he does get angry it's incredibly explosive. Very average as far as social standing goes.

Banshee 
  Bitchy, cries easily and often judges people and feels the constant need to demean and cry foul of all those around her.

Leanan Sidhe 
  Slutty, to an incredible extent. Either becomes incredibly dominant or submissive dependant on whether her advances are accepted or rebuffed.

Faculty:

  Principle:
    Reptillian of some sort. 
      SPOOKY ILLUMINATI

  Counselor with a "SAVE THE CHILDREN" complex:
    Billy Meier, 
      because pleijarans or whatever

  Nurse:
    Plague doctor. 
      Into "new age" medicine

  Janitor:
    Richard Chase. 
      If he gets to rant for too long about space nazis, the principle or the dean quietly hushes him and ushers him off.

  Hippy art teacher:
    Frankenstein's monster
      

  History teacher:
    Chupacabra
      Related to Werewolf, but they don't talk about it

  Biology teacher:
    Doctor Herbert West
      

  Philosophy teacher:
    Vlad.
    

  Media teacher:
    Happy appy
    

  Music teacher:
    Siren
      

  Science teacher:
    Russian sleep experiment doctor.
    

  Drama coach:
    Slappy the dummy
      

  English teacher:
    Mermaid
      Constantly plays Mermaid: The New Evidence in class and goes on rants about how the government is hiding sea monsters instead of actually teaching english.

  PE teacher:
    Werewolf
      

  Math teacher:
    
      

  Social Science teacher:
    
      

  Metal Shop teacher:
    
      

  Ancient Sumerian Language teacher:
    Abdul Alhazred
      Classes largely revolve around reading, speaking and translating passages from the Necronomicon.

Denizens of Spoop Town:

  Mothman
    Religious nut, waits outside of Spoop 'Em High when class gets out to hand out religious pamphlets while prophesying.

  Clown Gang
    Lead by It, members made up of the Killer Klowns from Outer Space. Constantly harass people around town.

  Pinhead
    Creepy guy who constantly tries to kidnap people. Possible bad end by allowing yourself to be kidnapped by him.

