Spookawashoujo
==============

THE SPOOKY GAEM - Romance Arcs

Slender Man
Good - Humble the Slender Man to change his ways and better deal with his social disregard.
Bad - Stays a total prick, evolves into an abusive and unrewarding relationship that you cannot get out of.

Goatman
Good - Has bestial sex with you and becomes more able to relate with humanity through the experience.
Bad - Devours you, killing you and becoming able to take on your physical form.

Grifter
Good - Never shows up, can be attained by leaving return sticky note messages. Might actually be getting the notes from Richard Chase. Never reveal truth, arc ends with a ring left alongside a sticky note.


Skeleton Romance
Skeleton Humerus Neutral - Have a drunken one night stand, ruins any chances with Skeleton Jelly
Skeleton Jelly Good - Get turned into a slime so that you can not be dissolved by him 
Skeleton Jelly Bad - Get dissolved by skeleton jelly as he attempts to tentaclesex you.

Jeff the Killer
Good - You leave Jeff the Killer.
Bad - You leave the school with Jeff the Killer while listening to My Chemical Romance.

Grey
Good - You join an EXALT cell to be with your Grey love forever.
Bad - XCOM kicks down the door and takes away the Grey while you're just waking up after a passionate night together. Short scene with you together with your alien mate, having a soulful stare at one another before your table is turned upright, then an XCOM soldier with a laser rifle is shown and the screen goes black before a laser sound is played.

Ghost Girl 
Neutral - Turns out to be a total pervert, watches others. Catch her in the closet which is now coated with ectoplasm. Seems unwilling to stop any activity, but is still incredibly shy to everyone else. Has kinky ghostsex with you. 

La Llorona
Neutral - Mother complex, is incredibly motherly toward you and babies you while taking a very dominant role in the relationship. Calls you 'child' constantly, insists you call her 'mommy'. 

Bloody Mary
Good - Bloody Mary gains some self-esteem and changes her actions, now murdering people instead of looking for their attention.
Bad - Bloody Mary is still a total slut, murders you because she wants to move on to greener pastures.

Leanan Sidhe
Good - Rebuff her advances, you become able to command her and force her to become monogamous with you, massively changing her image to her fellow students positively, though you rapidly age and die early while she stands loyally by your side. 
Bad - Accept her advances, she commands you around and becomes incredibly dominant, turning you into her sex-slave and demeaning you in front of the entire school. Rapidly drains your life while you pour out beautiful pieces of artwork that she takes credit for.
